= Whysoslow

== Description

Whysoslow is a little runner/printer I wrote to benchmark my Ruby code.  It runs a block of code, collects run time measurements, and can snapshot memory usage information at various points during execution.

It has no tests, shockingly sparse docs, and is more of an experiment at this point.  It comes as is for now so use if you see fit.

I will happily accept any pull requests for documentation, tests, extensions, and improvements.

== Installation

    gem install whysoslow

== Usage

    require 'whysoslow'

    printer = Whysoslow::DefaultPrinter.new({
      :title => "Bench Report Title",
      :verbose => true
    })

    runner = Whysoslow::Runner.new(@printer)

    runner.run do
      # ... some long running script or loop
      runner.snapshot("mem usage during run")
      # ... some more long running script or loop
    end

== Output: DefaultPrinter

The DefaultPrinter outputs to an io stream ($stdout by default).  It uses Ansi to output columned memory usage snapshot data and measurement data.

== License

Copyright (c) 2012 Kelly Redding

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
